Dedicated to G用
missed Pocopolo,
and lost the w Ceiba Pocopolo.
It was biscuits hungry for food used.
That is a lie, a lie, that is a lie.
With such a small material,
I could not get money to rest till my death.
It's too old keep!...
Lions are hatch cakes
But ah...
The mouth is round
In front of the repairman, there is no one at the fortress.
When Didno said it was not necessary to continue the maintenance of the castle,
the DMK called.
Yamaga does not speak such a thing.
artistти
destroy.
I don't understand what you have told me
If that is how I should be
a mountain anywhere on earth
another mountain on earth
Oh great Fuku!
Oh,
Thank you for watching!